coming up the french toast this is like
center stage right here it's a popular
mom's kitchen pictures of famous people
and you of course that makes everyone
feel at home plus the solution to living
comfortably so all you need is this
right here along with a chance to win
one of two hundred vacations and how to
keep your summer glow year-round well
let's review oh don't you want to take a
bite out of that that looks so yummy
french toast from right here in San
Francisco Judy's cafe and this isn't
Judy this is Charles I Charles hello
mother how are you I'm doing great thank
you all right Charles bein here we are
in San Francisco Judy's cafe who is judy
judy is my mother judy k bhane we used
her name i mean i had the culinary
background and it was actually sixty
percent of the menu was hers and i
reworked her recipes to work inside this
restaurant and I realized her name
needed to be on the Ani and not Chucky's
cafe also the fun thing about Judy's
cafe is on the wall you have all these
pictures of famous people and you of
course nice photos you have in here well
it is I'm in the picture with them so
that's why I'm on the wall it's there's
been a lot of wonderful pictures of the
people because of the journey which I
didn't expect that for so many years ago
that they've come through and help
support all of these years and so they
all have a story to be told okay so
let's go ahead and talk about some of
the items that we have here because
everyone's waiting you know look at what
he have here this cajun chicken sandwich
it's so different the bread but where's
where's the bread from it's so fresh the
bread is a actually homemade bread that
we don't bake but it's from an outside
company that comes in and it's a dutch
crunch bread so it's the old San
Francisco from North Beach and it's soft
in the center which I take a bite right
now the bread is perfect oh thank you i
could use that mmm-hmm also the fruit
you start fresh fruit here and we mean
fresh we do everything from scratch we
take the fruit we
and cut everything this is Crenshaw
melon which is and comes in seasonal we
have seedless watermelon we have organic
oranges organic go to school
strawberries jack and cheddar cheese and
we cut everything ourselves to orders so
it's all fresh I've never bite of the
watermelon you know and Charles all
right what about this burger you have
our cheeseburger is a black angus fresh
ground meat and we it's grilled also on
a dutch crunch and then it has jack and
cheddar cheese melted on the top so what
I've done is I've tried to eliminate the
part of having the excess fat and so
it's more of a 9010 so I'm leaning in
more richer less fat meat it's so good
I've had that before too the Cassidy is
also a popular item the case D is a big
one we make all our own salsa from
scratch it's all organic we take you
have a choice this one is made of breast
of chicken so it's all tenderized with a
mallet no chemical no salt we've grilled
all the chicken we have sauteed
vegetables inside it has avocado jack
and cheddar cheese and then it has fresh
natural sour cream on the top love it
okay the french toast I mean this is
like center stage right here apprentice
is unbelievable to the cream cheese
french toast so this is this we have two
kinds of french toast I have a sourdough
San Francisco bread which is pan-fried
in butter and it's thick and chewy this
is a cream cheese french toast which is
a country bread that is very soft you
can cut it with a fork we cut the bread
into one and quarter inch slices and
then we cut it on two sides and squeeze
it so we can put natural one hundred
percent organic cream cheese inside on
both sides only and then it's grilled in
a cinnamon
egg batter buttermilk and it's grilled
until it's golden brown and it's served
with strawberries and bananas with
organic maple syrup and that is to die
for that is the crème de la crème
delicious you just say it perfectly oh
my gosh you have to have the french
toast if you come here and what about
this omelet these are one of our small
omelets our omelets are made with 38 the
key trick to this is that I get the eggs
from a cooperative penngrove it's so
pretty this one happens to be a taco
omelet which again has sauteed beef in
it with sauteed onions and we also have
homemade salsa jack and cheddar cheese
sour cream and sweet sweet avocado it's
also good I just like that you you know
you can talk about all that so I can eat
I don't have to do any talking thank you
very much for putting this all together
here so that I can share you with
everyone else in this wonderful place on
Chestnut Street Judy's cafe in San
Francisco pretty busy every now and then
but you don't know you know you can sit
outside to or insider upstairs and your
bed and don't forget we're open every
day that we're so much we're here
thanksgiving christmas and new year's
day so when you're in your pajamas open
your Christmas gifts think about me
alright so you have your characters i'll
have my orange juice nice little toast
thank you so much Charles thank you
you